once I actually got into high for the
first time that's when the magic
happened you know that's when I noticed
the outside world went away this is the
BBC earth podcast you start seeing this
incredible blue water it's sort of
indigo blue and shafts of light
penetrates it's a podcast the size of a
planet about the world in which we live
and the astonishing things in it green
pink
why don't you never imagine you build
stories from everywhere on earth about
nature
the forest is amazing and sound waters
about people you enter the desert one
person and you come out another
BBC earth becomes a really unique call
me and sound subscribe on Apple podcasts
a cos Oh wherever you get your podcast
[Music]